KNN.Pr Privacy Policy
Date of version update: February 13, 2023
Version effective date: February 13, 2023
Table of contents:
How our company collects and uses your personal information
How our company uses cookies and similar technologies
How our company shares, transfers and publicly discloses your personal information
How our company protects your personal information
your rights
How our company handles personal information of children
How your personal information is transferred globally
How this Privacy Policy is updated
How to contact our company
Dispute Resolution
Our app is a platform to provide you with agricultural products. The company respects your personal information and data very much, and will do its best to protect the safety and reliability of your personal information and data. This policy applies only to user information and data collected and stored by the app. Yongxing service platform software (hereinafter referred to as this application) This application attaches great importance to user privacy policy and strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before continuing to use it. If you continue to use our services, it means that you have fully read and understood the entire content of our agreement. This app respects and protects the privacy of users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and better services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the app will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. The app will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you accept the contract for using the app service, you are deemed to have accepted the entire content of this privacy policy.
Our products are developed based on DCloud uni-app (5+ App/Wap2App). During the running of the app, we need to collect your device's unique identification code (IMEI/android ID/DEVICE_ID/IDFA, SIM card IMSI information) to provide statistical analysis services, and Improve performance and user experience through application startup data and exception error log analysis, and provide users with better services. For details, please visit "DCloud User Terms of Service"
How our company collects and uses your personal information
1. Definition of personal information and personal sensitive information
Personal information refers to various information recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person either alone or in combination with other information. The types of personal information actually collected by our company are subject to the description below.
Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, if leaked, illegally provided or misused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. The types of personal sensitive information actually collected by our company are subject to the description below.
2, How does our company collect and use your personal information
(a) When you use the web service of this application or visit the webpage of this application platform, the information on your browser and computer that this application automatically receives and records, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, Data such as language used, date and time of access, software and hardware feature information, and web page records you require;
(b) The user's personal data obtained by the application from business partners through legal means.
(c) This application strictly prohibits users from posting bad information, such as nudity, pornography and profane content. We will review the posted content. Once bad information is found, all permissions of the user will be disabled and the account will be banned.
3, Permission collection list and purpose description
Read mobile phone identification code: Device information usually plays an important role in anti-cheating and judging whether the account is in a safe environment
Make a phone call: It is convenient for users to contact customer service to make a phone call, and to report maintenance work, etc.
Obtain GPS positioning: it is convenient to fill in the location information for maintenance work
Camera permission: convenient to upload maintenance photos and change avatar and other functions
Album permissions: easy to upload repair photos and change avatars and other functions
List of three-party SDKs: SDK name SDK package name SDK purpose Type of personal information that may be obtained Called device permissions Official website link
Alibaba weexSDK com.taobao uni-app basic module is integrated by default, used to render personal files stored in uniapp's nvue page engine Read and write external memory http://doc.weex.io/zh
fresco image library com.facebook.fresco uni-app basic module integrated by default, used for nvue page to load pictures and store personal files Read external memory, write external memory https://www.fresco-cn.org/
OAID SDK com.bun Supplementary Device Identifier System for Mobile Smart Terminal Obtaining Device Identifier Obtaining Equipment Identifier http://www.msa-alliance.cn/col.jsp?id=120 Second, how do we use Cookie technology
In order to ensure the normal operation of the website or APP, we will store a small data file called Cookie on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names and some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites or apps can store your preference data. We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your own preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have the function of blocking cookies. But if you do this, you need to change user settings every time you visit our website or APP.
3. How does our company share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
shared
Our company will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than our company, except in the following cases:
Have obtained your explicit authorization or consent in advance;
It is necessary to share your personal information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal procedures, government mandatory orders or judicial rulings;
To the extent required or permitted by law, it is necessary to provide your personal information to a third party in order to protect the interests, property or safety of Jianshu and its users or the public from damage
Your personal information may be shared among our affiliates. Our company will only share necessary personal information, and this sharing is also bound by the purpose of this privacy policy statement. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing personal information, it will ask for your authorization and consent again;
transfer
Our company will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
After obtaining your explicit consent, our company will transfer your personal information to other parties;
(2) When mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation are involved, if personal information transfer is involved, our company will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise our company will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Companies and organizations ask you for authorization again
public disclosure
Our company will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
After obtaining your explicit consent;
Disclosure based on law: Our company may publicly disclose your personal information under the circumstances of laws, legal procedures, lawsuits or mandatory requirements of government authorities
4. How does our company protect your personal information
1. Our company has adopted industry-standard security protection measures to protect the personal information you provide to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. Our company will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, our company uses encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; our company will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from malicious attacks; our company will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; and our company will Organize security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
2. The personal information collected and generated by our company within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored in the territory of the People's Republic of China, and no data will be exported abroad. The storage period of your personal information is 10 years; if you continue to use the service after the 10-year period expires, the storage period of personal information necessary for such services will be extended for another 10 years. If you no longer use the service by then, our company Your personal information will be deleted in time.
3. Although the above-mentioned reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by relevant laws and regulations have been complied with, please understand that due to technical limitations and possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we do our best to strengthen security It is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information, and our company will try our best to ensure the security of the personal information you provide to us.
You know and understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take active measures to protect the security of your personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords, changing passwords regularly, and not disclosing your account password and related personal information to others.
5. Your rights
In accordance with relevant Chinese laws, regulations, standards, and common practices in other countries and regions, our company guarantees that you exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information:
access your personal information
Access basic information such as avatar, nickname, gender, etc.:
Correct your personal information
When you find that the personal information about you processed by our company is wrong, you have the right to ask our company to make corrections.
delete your personal information
You can request our company to delete personal information under the following circumstances:
(1) If our company's handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) If our company collects and uses your personal information without your consent;
(3) If our company's handling of personal information violates the agreement with you;
(4) If you no longer use our company's products or services, or you cancel your account;
(5) If our company no longer provides you with products or services.
If our company decides to respond to your deletion request, our company will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from our company and request them to delete it in a timely manner, unless laws and regulations provide otherwise, or these entities obtain your independent authorization.
After you delete information from our company's services, our company may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will delete the information when the backup is updated.
withdraw consent
You can change the scope of your authorization to our company to continue collecting personal information or withdraw your authorization by turning off the device function. You can also withdraw all authorization for our company to continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account.
5. Log out of account
You can log out of the previously registered account at any time, and you can do it yourself in the following ways:
System Settings - Log Out Account
After exiting the account, our company will stop providing you with products or services, and delete your personal information according to your request, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations.
In the following situations, our company will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations:
Directly related to national security and national defense security
Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
There is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights
Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations
involving trade secrets.
6. Cancel account
If you need to cancel your account, follow the format below: login account + reason for cancellation, send to pingbokefu@163.com this email. Staff will review within 3-5 working days.
We hereby kindly remind you that this will result in us terminating the provision of this service to you, and will also bring a lot of inconvenience to your after-sales rights protection. After the cancellation is successful, we will delete your personal information according to your request, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations.
Please note: Once the account is canceled, it will not be restored. Please back up the relevant information and data of the account before operation. If you cancel your account, you will not be able to use it, and you will not be able to retrieve any content or information related to your account
6. How does our company handle children's personal information
Our company's products, websites and services are primarily directed at adults. Children may not create their own user accounts without the consent of a parent or guardian.
For the collection of children's personal information with parental consent, our company will only use or publicly disclose this information when it is permitted by law, parents or guardians expressly agree, or is necessary to protect children.
Although local laws and customs define children differently, our Company considers anyone under the age of 18 to be a child.
If our company discovers that it has collected personal information from children without prior verifiable parental consent, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
7. How your personal information is transferred globally
At present, our company will not transfer or store your personal information across borders. If cross-border transmission or storage is required in the future, our company will inform you of the purpose, receiver, security measures and security risks of the information outbound, and obtain your consent.
8. How to update this privacy policy
Our company's privacy policy is subject to change. Without your explicit consent, our company will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy. Our company will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on this page. For major changes, our company will also provide more prominent notices. Significant changes referred to in this Privacy Policy include, but are not limited to:
1. Major changes have taken place in our company's service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way of using personal information, etc.;
2. Significant changes have taken place in our company in terms of ownership structure and organizational structure. Such as changes in owners caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers, etc.;
3. The main object of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure changes;
4. There are major changes in your right to participate in the processing of personal information and how to exercise it;
5. When the responsible department, contact information and complaint channels of our company responsible for handling personal information security change;
6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.
We will also keep previous versions of this Privacy Policy on file for your review.
Nine, how to contact our company
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact our company in the following ways. Generally, our company will reply you within 15 working days.
Email: tk001kefu@163.com
10. Dispute resolution
Any dispute arising from or related to this Privacy Policy shall be submitted to the court with jurisdiction in the place where this Agreement is signed for resolution.
Thank you for taking the time to learn about our Privacy Policy! We will do our best to protect your personal information and legal rights, thank you again for your trust
